# Alejandro's Meeting Minutes
**GDP_2425 | Alejandro Parra Pintado**

This README markdown document contains my meeting minutes for each of our meetings. If I am unable to attend a meeting then I will add someone else from this group's minutes.

**More recent minutes appear closer to the top of this document (i.e. ascending chronological order).**

**SM = Supervised Meeting (i.e. a meeting with Ara and/or Gary).**
<br>
**UM = Unsupervised Meeting (i.e. a meeting whithout supervisors).**
___
___
NEWEST ENTRIES FOLLOW:


## SM Monday 4th November 2024

### Preparations
* Thank Gary Underwood for his advice
    * Speedrunning module FEEG1201.
    * Total design diagram is extremely helpful.
        * Show that I have purchased book because it is not in the library or kindle.
    * Advice on how to write a Design Specification in general is extremely helpful.




## UM Friday 1st November 2024

### Preparations
* Ask Danae if she could please extend the minutes and agenda document more weeks.
    * Followup with the fact that the contact from linkedin hasn't replied yet.
* Explain that now is a good time to re-read the marckscheme ---> Incorporate to SMART objectives.
* Inform that R2D2 has now been improved and satisfies the first point of the markscheme.
* Talk about PLA dust and uncertainty towards the risks it poses to humans.
* Say that anyone is welcome to come up with a better mission patch design.

### Meeting


## UM Wednesday 30th October 2024
(Full attendance)

### Preparations

* Show team the priorities mentioned by interviewees during primary research.

### Meeting

* We have created an excel spreadsheet where we count what requirements were brought up the most by intervewees.
* We are aiming to produce a cost-benefit analysis on the requirements
    * Requirements that score higher in this analysis will be added to the R2D2.


## SM Monday 28th October 2024
(Full attendance)

### Preparations
* Give Maria and Andy H. the participant sheets.
* Explain to supervisors that we now have a GDP1 memory stick for backup and usb interfacing.
* Explain main findings from Richard Glithro interview.

### Meeting

* Ara has given me a conact from Aston University's technical department who works with 3D printers.
* We now have better intel on how to narrow down the project.
* Add glossary for the R2D2.
    * Environment could be interpreted as operating environment instead of sustainability.
* Look at Stewart Pew's diagram on total desgin (36 different sections) -> Black Board FEEG1201
* Ara suggests looking at open source plugins and using what has already been done.
* Danae mentioned that the Interim Report is due the 7th of November.
    * Interim report is similar to what we did for IP but we need slides.
    * It is formative so get the most out of it
        * Add the things that we want feedback on.
        * Ara thinks we have most of what we need to ask.
* 7th of Novemberis the deadline to nail down exactly what we're doing for this project.
* Maria can provide an Ultimaker 3!

### ToDo
* Look at meeting minutes and determine the priorities for what has to be done.
* 

## UM Friday 25th October 2024

### Meeting
(Vicky and Ben are late >15m)

* Danae explained that it is important that we are all at the meeting at the right time.
* Vicky is still dealing with four modules this semester.
* Ara gave us feedback and we changed the slides for this presentation.

### ToDo

## UM Wednesday 23rd October 2024
(Vicky and Ben are late >15m)

### Meeting
* Danae, Tim and I went through the slides and we did well on time.
* Ben and Vicky joined late and we redid the presentation rehersal.

### ToDo
* Add references at the end of the powerpoint in case examiner asks about our claims.

## SM Monday 20th October 2024
### Preparations
* Confirm Halo video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3sQfc0VIRMk with Ara.
* Ask about contacting Kevin Smith for access to the EDMC throughout the project.
    * --> Ben will contact Kevin Smith 
* Ask about requesting out of hours access to B13 since we forsee we will proably need these.
    * --> Ara will send an email to request out of hours access to B13.
    * --> Danae highlighted that there is a deadline to apply for B13 jobs for GDP (soon!).
* Ask Andy Hamilton and Maria about what day would be best to transport printers.
* Ask about the rooms from which we would move these to our workspace.
    * --> B13 and B7 : One prusa is a 3 and the other is a 3.9 so one would have to be upgraded.
    * --> Wifi is a problem for these printers but ethernet is more stable.
    * --> Both printers have been opened and tinkered with. 
### Meeting

* Risks in presentation of problems that we are likely to face.
    * What's the plan for resolving those things..
* Usually at the end of the project two people can do the collating for a better result.
    * Best in terms of structuring and finalising.
*   Gantt chart should show prototyping and it is going to be iterative (looping on Gantt chart).
    * Ideation phase continues through prototyping.

* For participant sheet add supervisor email and phone (contacts).
* Ara and Gary will facilitate contacts for our primary research.
* Ara wishes to be added to the MS Teams plan but Gary wishes to withold from that lol.
* Slides should contain a slide about future trends.
    * Is this system going to be obsolete in 10 years?
    * What is the design lifespan?


### To Do

* ~~For Friday don't get scared if people look like they are far ahead from us.~~

## UM Friday 18th October 2024
Vicky is late (>15m)

* Danae made a timeline on teams for the whole team.
    * Everyone is assigned objectives.
    * Despite this system being integrated to Teams there is no automatic integration with GanttChartPro.

* Tim's Gantt chart is now honest and takes into account our exam periods.
    * The holidays have also been accounted into the Gantt chart.

* Whenever I write a message on Teams that I want the team to be aware of I need to @3DPrintingFarm everyone so that they get a notification.

* We need to ask Ara about the guidelines saying that we must contact Kevin Smith for EDMC access for GDP.

* Everone is now given tasks to fulfil on teams.

* We have decided roles!
    * **Alejandro: Head of Product & External Relations**
    * **Ben: Head of Software & Electronics**
    * **Danae: Lead & Project management**
    * **Tim: Treasurer & Hardware Integration**
    * **Vicky: Head of Verification and Testing**


## UM Wednesday 16th October 2024
Ben is absent.
* Tim started work on the Gantt Chart.
    * He should add the deadlines from the guidance.
* Danae suggested asking for the out of hours permission from Ara and Alex Toth.
* Danae suggested that we prepare for our week 4 presentation. In it we should show:
    * Lay out what stage we're at.
    * What we're doing.
    * Stakeholders.
    * GanttChart
    * What decissions we've made.
    * Vicky suggested: LOOK AT MARKING SCHEME and do a checklist presentation.
* Danae has made an online excel to prepare for our formative presentation session.

## SM Monday 14th October 2024
Vicky is absent due to an appointment

* We are GDP group 1!
* We have a week 4 or week 5 presentation on Friday where we will have to review our work with our examiner.
    * All of us should be available.
    * 10 minutes per person.
    * We have a lecture on the GDP this Wednesday were we should be given some info about the GDP review.
* Andrew Hamilton is going to give us a talk about stakeholders of our project at some point.
* Ara mentions again Open-Source options.
* Because we are not collecting personal information we should be able to call to ask for customer research insights.
* Ara clue: Prusa 3.5 and above versions have a pressure sensor in the nozzle that is used for self-calibration of the printer -> Because prusa's have open source sofware we could perhaps use this for defect detection.
* Mark scheme is of course the most important part of the GDP guidelines.
* Ara mentions once again making this system compatible with other types of printers (SLA, metal, etc.).
* Make a requirements list/table, to guide all of our decissions.
* One of the problems with a requirements table is that they focus a lot on the technical aspects, so make sure that we incorporate the good things about the design description (e.g. ergonomics, ethics etc).
* We can add our own templates and slides for how we choose to do things.
* If the whole system works and we prove that it works then we are in a good place.
* Remember that this is an iterative project and the final solution may not really be the final one.

**TO DO [COMPLETED]**
* ~~Meeting with A.Toth on Wednesday.~~
    * ~~Power requirements (sockets for printers and laptops!).~~
    * ~~Make sure that storage is secure.~~
* ~~Send team NASA document about how to make a good requirements document.~~
* ~~A Gantt Chart has to be done by next Monday~~
    * Gantt Chart is a living document and can change, so change it in the future whenever the need arises.
    * It should be our own group's plan.
    * Account for extra time in our Gantt chart since some processes could be affected by setbacks.
    * Do not get stuck! Keep the ball rolling.
    * Manufacturing and testing is the part that often goes wrong.
    * Give time for additional iteration after the final solution has been developed.
* ~~For deciding our project roles keep the hierarchy as flat as possible.~~
* ~~Tim wants to be in charge of the Gantt Chart.~~

* Ara mentioned the Halo assembly line video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3sQfc0VIRMk
    * We should make a reference to this video in our GDP video :D

## UM Friday 11th October 2024
Vicky and Ben late

* Octoprint.
    * Obico
        * Free for 1 printer but have to pay if you want them to host a server for pritners.
        * Open source!
* Live monitoring defect detection -> A.I.
        * Light changes affect this process.
* Automated planning -> humans make suboptimal decissions.
* Formlabs.
    * SLA solution.
    * Only runs G-code.
* 3DQue.
    * Central hub to which printers are attached.
    * Centralised file storage.
    * Statistics on performance.
    * 40 pounds a month.
* SimplyPrint
    * 3D printing farm for free.
    * Bed levelling.
    * Graphing and statistics.
    * In-built slicer.
    * Material management system.
* Marking scheme has to guide our work.

## SM Monday 7th October 2024
* Briefing slides help with assessment criteria.
    * This document is our "Bible".

* Follow the Design Process (Double Diamond Diagram)
    * Discover -> Define -> Develop -> Deliver

* Justify all design decissions. 
    * Reference the Requirements
    
* Note how marking credits the different aspects of this project.
    * 50% of assessment is process.
    * 25% is communication.
    * 25% is innovation.

* Environmental, economical, ethical and other human aspects of this project must be adressed.

* READ THE GUDELINE REQUIREMENTS.notification

* For GDP budget you often pay for material.
    * We may need to do a health and risk assessment.

*   Find people and ask what they want.

*   If we ask stakeholders we need to make sure our research ethics are correct.

* Gary would like for us to contact externals but we need confirmation from him.
    * Don't look just at the UK, look at a wider or more global market.

*   Google scholar for research.
    * Bachelor's thesis from Finland documents a very similar project.

*   Ara wants us to use 3D experience.
    * He will send us invites to the license.
    * 3D experience can be linked to SolidWorks like a github but for CAD -> browser based but for it to work we need to download something.


THE DAY-1 SPECIFICATION

* Make system where we link printers together.
    * Send orders to the system.
    * System is able to assign tasks to printers including slicing and pre-printing tasks + turning on printers and checks.
    * KEY IS AUTOMATION.
        * Including Troubleshooting.
            * Someone should not need to go into do troubleshooting.
            * If printer misprints it must be able to tell how.
    * Make system expandable to other printers which may or may not be Prusa printers.
    * Develop something that is both hardware and software.
    * Find who our stakeholders/customers are (e.g. Factories, small businesses, universities, R&D).
    * Identify which points of a submitted print might fail and which ones are unlikely to fail.
    * Make this system as safe as possible.
    * Make system as easy and intuitive to use as possible.

